I'm a bodybuilder well not that kind I'm
a longitudinal bodybuilder I definitely
still prioritize strength in my training
but as you can see I don't focus on
muscle growth widthwise I focus on
muscle growth
lengthwise if you've never heard of this
style of training that's okay it's just
because the people who practice it are
ninjas and keep to the shadows I'm just
kidding although you do feel pretty
ninja when you can pull off Feats that
normal people just cannot bodybuilders
choose a specific body part and they
choose to train it a specific number of
times a week at a specific intensity if
you want to train like me you choose a
specific body part and you train it at a
certain tensity a certain amount of
times per week oh wait that kind of
sounds like the same thing well that's
because it is the same thing the only
difference is in exercise selection
instead of choosing something heavy and
lifting it with my shoulder in a range
of motion like this I will in instead
choose something like this which trains
my shoulder in a much deeper range of
motion but be careful though this does
take time to build up too now there is
nothing wrong with being a bodybuilder
but my goals happen to be more Ninja
oriented than Hulk oriented by the way I
have free
ebooks stay flexy yeah